Decorated README (#43)
next-level-dev-pl/smart-route: README.md

The Smart Route project itself is a copy of the idea from [jakdojade.pl](https://jakdojade.pl/onboarding). Our goal is to create a simple app that allows the user to check the timetable of a selected means of urban transportation, verify how long the journey from one stop to another will take, or plan the entire journey from point A to point B. For this purpose, we rely on the API provided by the [Warsaw City Hall](https://api.um.warszawa.pl/#). The current scope of work is outlined in the [MVP section](#mvp).

## How to join/contribute?

The most important step is to join the dedicated [Discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/gTCCHagd9a). Afterward, you must provide your GitHub username to be added to the organization. Only then will you be able to actively participate in the project.

## Technical assumptions

Currently we decided to use such technologies:

- Java/Kotlin,
- Spring.

Of course, we are not limited to use only above-mentioned technologies. It is welcomed to add there CI/CD tools, frontend, Docker and so on. Sky is the limit!

## MVP

> We aim to provide application for Warsaw, in 1st phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to provide an application for Warsaw in the first phase.
```
